Base: Add HexEditor manual (#14787)
SerenityOS/serenity: Base/usr/share/man/man1/HexEditor.md

## Name

> ![Icon](/res/icons/16x16/hex.png) HexEditor - Serenity hex editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Icon](/res/icons/16x16/hex.png) Hex Editor - Binary file editor
```

[Open](file:///bin/HexEditor)

## Synopsis

```**sh
$ HexEditor 
$ HexEditor file
```

## Description

> `HexEditor` is an application that displays and edits raw and exact file contents. The initial commit of HexEditor was submitted by @xeons and was consecutively merged on October 2019. Since then, multiple contributors stepped forward and added features thereby improving it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hex Editor is an application that displays and edits raw and exact file contents.
```

This is not relevant for a man page.

> HexEditor abstracts data access into HexDocuments, one for memory based streaming (unsaved new files), and another for file based streaming. HexEditor does not store the entire file in memory, thereby improving load times and efficiently maximizing memory usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hex Editor abstracts data access into documents, one for memory based streaming (unsaved new files), and another for file based streaming. Hex Editor does not store the entire file in memory, thereby improving load times and efficiently maximizing memory usage.
```

![](HexEditor.png)

### Value Inspector

> The current darling feature of HexEditor is ValueInspector. The inspector operates on current cursor position (or selection start range if one is selected) and interprets bytes moving forward as various data types. The inspector can toggle between big and little endian modes. A value selected in the inspector has its associated bytes that makes up that value gets highlighted in the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core feature of Hex Editor is the value inspector functionality. The inspector operates on current cursor position (or selection start range if one is selected) and interprets bytes moving forward as various data types. The inspector can toggle between big and little endian modes. A value selected in the inspector has its associated bytes that makes up that value gets highlighted in the editor.
```

### Find value
One can search using ASCII string or Hex value, the result will be displayed on the right side with corresponding ValueInspector information.

![](HexEditor_Find_Value.png)

### Copy value

> Should one wishes to transfer the selected contents, an option to copy as hex value, as text, or as C-code is available. Figure below shows all three output formats transferred into TextEditor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An option to copy as hex value, as text, or as C-code is available and can extract the file in parts or as a whole. The figure below shows all three output formats transferred into Text Editor.
```

![](HexEditor_Copy_Hex_Text_C_Code.png)

> HexEditor's simple and straight-forward interface offers search, export, byte pattern insertions and statistics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hex Editor's simple and straight-forward interface offers search, export, byte pattern insertions and statistics. 
```
